TELCODOCS-2271 Document enhanced logging (#96669)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-configuring-log-reduction-for-linuxptp.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ptp/configuring-ptp.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cnf-configuring-log-reduction-for-linuxptp_{context}"]
= Configuring PTP log reduction

> The `linuxptp` daemon generates logs that you can use for debugging purposes. In telco or other deployment types that feature a limited storage capacity, these logs can add to the storage demand. Currently, the default logging rate is high, causing logs to rotate out in under 24 hours, which makes it difficult to track changes and identify problems.

Reviewer: In another section, you use `linuxptp-daemon`. Please check which is correct and use it consistently.

> The `linuxptp` daemon generates logs that you can use for debugging purposes. In telco or other deployment types that feature a limited storage capacity, these logs can add to the storage demand. Currently, the default logging rate is high, causing logs to rotate out in under 24 hours, which makes it difficult to track changes and identify problems.

Reviewer: It feels like that there's intention to change this in the future. I would rephrase it in a way that if they're high, these are the issues you're facing:
```suggestion
The `linuxptp` daemon generates logs that you can use for debugging purposes. In telco or other deployment types that feature a limited storage capacity, these logs can add to the storage demand. If the default logging rate is high, the logs rotate out in under 24 hours, which makes it difficult to track changes and identify problems.
```

Then, you can go into explaining a solution, log reduction.

Author: I think suggestion changes the understanding so keeping with first way.

> Basic log reduction can be achieved by configuring the PtpConfig custom resource (CR) to exclude log messages that report the master offset value. The master offset log message reports the difference between the current node's clock and the master clock in nanoseconds. However, with this method, there is no summary status of filtered logs. An enhanced log reduction feature is available that allows you to configure the logging rate of PTP logs. This feature enables you to set a specific logging rate, which can help reduce the volume of logs generated by the `linuxptp` daemon while still retaining essential information for troubleshooting. An option is also available with this feature to specify a threshold where it would still display the offset logs if the offset is higher than that threshold.

Reviewer: Same question about master here too.
```suggestion
You can achieve basic log reduction by configuring the `PtpConfig` custom resource (CR) to exclude log messages that report the master offset value. The master offset log message reports the difference between the clock of the current node and the master clock in nanoseconds. However, with this method, there is no summary status of filtered logs. The enhanced log reduction feature allows you to configure the logging rate of PTP logs. You can set a specific logging rate, which can help reduce the volume of logs generated by the `linuxptp` daemon while still retaining essential information for troubleshooting. With the enhanced log reduction feature, you can also specify a threshold that still displays the offset logs if the offset is higher than that threshold.
```
